Veganism
---
So there is this common perception that people who are vegan do not enjoy their food, and have a very limited diet which consists of uninteresting this or that and that they are hard to please and that they are sensitive, and so on. I do not actually wish to address this perception because it lends credence to it.

What I would like to do is instead leave a repository here that includes my own notes for how I eat and do this so that others can check my own notes so that they can prepare meals for themselves based upon recipes I use, and if they come over to my home and I cook for them, and they ask for a recipe, I can tell them "yep, it's in the veganism repository on github."

Additionally, I have a few meals that I would call "very functional;" that is, they are expandable or contractable to suit my needs for a given day's nutritional requirements (think of this like a shell script with variables that I can tune based upon what I know my needs for that day to be). I also have picked up a couple of perhaps odd skills, like the ability to cook large volumes of food at once from a former career as an olympic weightlifter, and I continue to do this as someone who is now vegan, and the ability to prepare a week's worth of food that is vegan, all at once, portion it out, and then store it in the fridge for myself on Sunday helps immensely if I know I will be somewhere (such as an office without many vegan food options) I may have trouble finding things to eat.

Lastly, the subject of vegan and vegetarian diets and supplements is often discussed. Because I do take a large number of supplements and consider these to be performance enhancing or life-extending, I will include a file here, with those listed, and keep that up-to-date. People will probably notice that there are supplements that are not actually vegan on that list. Because people will ask, I will tell you this is because I consider my health to be the realm of medicine (my *body*, my *life*) and my choice of veganism to be one of ideology (a *choice*), I, sadly, sometimes make the choice to use animal products in my supplements when I find that the animal product works better for me than the non-animal version.

If you have questions or comments you are welcome to ask me. Open an issue here, a pull request, send me an email, etc. [I am mostly friendly](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WP:DBAD).
